At the base of the tree two young men were sitting,watching as their peers under go hellish training under the watchful eyes of the instructor
“Move fast and also correct your form.”,Barked the instructor. ”The boulder in front of you is a small one yet you all are struggling to make sure to wrap the qi around your hand! That's the only way!” the instructor shouted at the top of his lungs.
The two men made a pained reaction just from the witnessing the merciless training there friends are going through,
“Starting tomorrow our leisure life will come to an end and we will be joining them”,said one of them with a chuckle.
“Don't you even have a glimmer of hope in you Rohan, maybe you could walk in the path of cultivation”said the other young man.
“Don't raise my expectations, Advitya, it's been 50 years since anyone from our village passed the test. Why do you think I will be any different but I really think that you will be different.”
“How so?”said Advitya, knowing full well why but he really liked it when someone talked highly of him.
Rohan knew about his friend habit stood up and pointed his fingers toward him and loudly declared
“You are the genius of this village my friend Advitya, even the scholar from the capital was surprised to see your intelligence, and I always had this feeling you are cut out of a different cloth.”
Advitya chuckled but inwardly he was not really proud of his title ‘village genius’ that was given to him because he knew that he got an upstart from the rest of the children his age.
He is not originally from this planet Gaya he was reborn here, it has been 14 years since he entered this world.
Advitya and Rohan both chatted a few more minutes than started leaving for the pond to take a bath, while he and Rohan was getting up, he squinted his eyes looking at the sun, it was really throwing flames today than his wandered to the youths who were sweating profously a thought came to his mind
‘This must be what it is to try to achieve something you are not destined to.’
With this thought wandering in his mind, he and Rohan started heading towards the pond.
 He was very late today by the time he reached house it was already dark, he was ready to listened to an earful from his mother but when he entered his house he was surprised seeing his mother demeanour she was smiling looking at him
“Where has been my prince all along?”,his mother said with a warm smile.
“Mother you are behaving weird today.”,Advitya shot back with a weary look.
“You have become spoiled from so much from the love I gave you, your father was right about not spoiling you too much.”
Advitya inwardly scoffs ‘if spoiling is running around the village to beat their own son then for sure he is spoiled’. 
“Advitya's mother, how long do you plan to make him stand at the door entrance? The food is getting cold”,his father's voice came from the dining room.
Listening to the family head voice Advitya and his mother quietly entered the dining room and sat on the floor while his father sat on the table.
“Advitya you must not worry about tomorrow's selection, all is in Yali’s hand after finishing the food just go and sleep”,his father said calmly.
“Yes father”
‘After passing the selection exam I will be able to reach one step closer to find out the reason why I was reborn to this world ’
After finishing the dinner and saying goodnight to his parents, Advitya headed towards his room where he laid down on the bed.
The window of his room was open. He could hear the peaceful sound of the insects, two beautiful moonlights illuminating his room. He gazed towards the sky where a moon with the color of crimson red while the other white as snow hung. 


